Your review is spot on. Hugh Grant is why I watch. Also, the relationships between his friends and roommate/sister are enjoyable. But otherwise I usually yell at Will and Anna’s characters.
His roommate is hilarious and I like his relationship with all of his friends. It’s the kind of romcom I watch for reasons other than just the romance. I agree that Anna is insufferable and Will deserves better. It’s still a cute movie but her brattiness is grating.
Yeah I look find Anna a bit dull tbh, but I love the vibes of the movie and the dynamics between literally every other character in the film lol and I’m a high grant stan lol
weird movie. Poorly made. Julia Roberts (not just the character) comes off as deranged. Somehow the way they shot it made everyone look heinous except for Hugh Grant.
Yeah it was boring
I just watched it last night with my family because we heard it was supposed to be great… it SUCKED. We did have a lot of fun yelling at the characters though. We liked the side characters and especially Spike, they were honestly more memorable and defined than the main couple
I also just watched jt for the first time today... its like watching a red flag girl and a green flag guy have a happy ending
I loved this movie when it first came out. I was in high school. At some point i rewatched it as an adult and came to same conclusion as you OP. Hate Anna so much, especially after the paparazzi bit.
I will say he could have stopped her from opening the door and being seen by the paparazzi, though.
There were so many opportunities for sensible communication
yeah glad im not the only one. just watched it based on recommendation and obviously just generally its a popular rom com but i dont understand what the appeal is at all. the side characters were the only saving grace. i felt more for them than annie and will. the dynamics were so strange between them and every moment of redemption she could've had was cut short by something else she does thats rude or blatantly wrong/ immoral. and not to mention every moment will couldve done anything normal or sensical he does the complete opposite all because hes infatuated by this women who hasnt showed much character or charm the whole time we see her. and then his reasoning is that shes famous and out of his league, but its not that at all, shes just weirdly rude and problematic. its not that they have no chemistry or anything, its just always undercut by weirdly written situations or dialogue.
What I like more than anything about this movie is the aesthetic, specifically the production design and the editing choice; ; a'la the seasons montages and the Al Green segment. In regards to everything else, consider the movie is nearly 30 years old and it is only a romantic comedy. Four Weddings and Funeral, Yesterday & About Time were made by majority of the same team and are superior films, in my opinion.
The leading lady in Four Weddings and a Funeral is terrible too.
Omg.. I 100% AGREE 😭😭 I just watched it and I needed to see why everyone loves it so much. Everything you said I agreed with. I feel like I justed wasted 2 hours of my life. And why does it have 5 stars on prime?!? 💀
Yeah just watch it today, and was surprised why people loves it, when ana cheated twice in the movie.
Literally the movie is so boring and the relationship is kind of dull like what do people see in this movie compared to other romcoms
Notting Hill is better than 99 percent of romantic comedies and most films made these days. The performances are great. Some of the one liners are brilliant. Almost EVERY women cheats in a Rom Com and in real life. 5 stars. Go watch some trash made in the 2020s.
You need to watch more films, bunch came out this year alone that are better than notting hill
I love how this is a post drawing in regular new comments every month or so. Sure enough I was just watching this movie for some weird reason and had to see what Redditors were thinking.
It doesn’t suck. Anna sucks, Roberts doesn’t, and the movie has an undeniable charm. Although next time I’m watching it, I’m taking a shot every time Hugh says “um”. Be shitfaced after the bookstore scene.
Came here for the same reason. Watched it today because I didn't have anything better to do. The only redeeming aspect about the movie is Hugh Grant.
Completely agree. She went on dates with him and they both went on no contact for 6 months, she randomly appears at his door hiding from the media and then gets super angry at him for the paparazzi being at his house which she knew wasn’t his fault and then she decides to disappear for months again and he still chases her.
I personally loved Notting Hill. As I am watching it right now. I feel as though sometimes William (Hugh grant), is a bit difficult to understand with the accent. My favourite character has got to be the roommate though. He made me laugh the most in this whole film and I think he is perfect. I Love Williams relationship with the roommate. It was a bit surprising that they started to date fairly early in the movie. I did have a question though. Did William already know that Anna was famous? Please someone answer this.
i just watched the movie because of julia roberts! thats all!!
What the fff did I just watch… thought ending was supposed to be Will standing up for himself or at least telling Anna how messed up she is… Why is this highly recommended… the only thing I like is how gorgeous Julia Roberts is!!!
Right?! Rewatching this as an adult, I can see how truly selfish Anna is… and this is one of Richard Curtis’ better films. He makes writes some really warped narratives. Ew
The only reason i watched this movie in the first place was because of Hugh Grant, and dare i say, I saw so much of myself in William, it's not even funny; my friend and I cheered so much when he rejected Anna after all the crap she did to him, me in particular because the line about him not being able to recover if he were abandoned again hit way too close to home for me not to react to it. UGH WHY CAN'T MORE MEN BE LIKE BILLY THACKER???
Yeah, this movie bothered me as well. Anna says the fame isn't real, that it's just an illusion yet it is obviously very real for her since she keeps using it as an excuse to hurt Will time and again. Will finally learns his lesson by the end and stands up for himself, but it is sadly short-lived and he's back to repeating the old destructive patterns with her. Game over: you got the bad ending, Will.
I watched it for the first time today. I remembered it from childhood whilst watching Ladies Of London. It’s awful 😂😂😂 Glad someone out there agrees
That movie is wonderful
I like it, but it was very choppy with the scenes (spilling your drink on someone as a way to meet? he just lets her open the door to paparazzi). The writer had a basic idea and didn't know how to get it to work for a few hours. The music wasn't good, I think that was part of the problem. With stronger scenes (take advantage of the quaint town) and music it could've been better. Hugh and the roommate were good. Anna was very one note.
I DID like the movie - although I agree with the points made but I SO agree with you about the music - such boring songs 😂
I got irritated when Will did not stop Anna from opening the door full of paparrazis, like, he could have stopped her. What an idiot
Love this movie, total classic. Watched it again today, really solid romcom
I just rewatched and had to fast forward through many of the songs. Not bad songs, just used in such a grating, over-the-top, clumsy way.
WHY DOES SHE NOT SPEAK!!! Oh my god, the only time she spoke more than a sentence all together was when she flipped out at Will for the paps outside his house which wasn't even his doing.
I'm late to this but I just watched for the first time today and SAME. I've been wanting to watch it because I love all things British and I was disappointed. Anna's character sucks. I was so pleasantly surprised to see Emma Chambers! I loved her in Vicar of Dibley.
Totally agree with your take. If her character was a guy, he would be a villain, and the heroine wouldn’t end up with a liar/cheater.
Just watched the movie and coulnd't agree more. A weak romance. Anna's character is very questionable, and Will self respect is none. As someone also said, watching these movies as an adult is something else, we're very intolarent with bulsh**t.





 
































































































 







